and then the girl repellent in
television join us enter
our facebook page and give it to me
like how much more we are
we will get
remember www.facebook.com bar that
harvest you are looking forward to see margarita
liándola on TV us too
with so much
and point
or not
if you tried without him he would sit with me
bottle and which longer legs have
do not go alone for stairs or you
I 'm not going to let her kill me
when I go to the psychologist to see if
says look is here at the end solutions
I just problem like an uncle now
I need a street for my house without
come with me from here that we're going to
call to clean in channel or if wilfre
I will cause you're on dragons
that lizard of the devil
They load me everything that the beer throws me
with the frits that was
turuleca hen has laid an egg
everything has put three or me is that
he does not know who I am
balls
who is looking and nobody laughs
from my
nothing happens
coy is prettier my soul
what I am saying what can not
be that this lady who broke it
my mother's nose and that's gone so
quiet
go covered and hungry
but what we were looking for lady
I like to attack my name humor a bear
panda you want to eat me manolo again
the dead girl and my house uncleaned
we were going to have to put the
chickpeas in the mojo
what
today a chocolate cookie
there is a family now it's going to upset you
poor panda you deum and cookie for
when I'm hungry
and more
so they can say that one does not happen
had for now comes the reward
attack
but if it can not be again
the beer that the longest leg has